Scan sample bug fixes (#12231)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/wifi/scan/README.rst

|config|

Configuration options
=====================

Select the scan type to be used by the sample.

.. note::
        You can also use ``menuconfig`` to enable the ``Scan type`` option.

See :ref:`zephyr:menuconfig` in the Zephyr documentation for instructions on how to run ``menuconfig``.

> The following sample-specific Kconfig option is used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/scan/Kconfig`) :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample-specific Kconfig options are used in this sample (located in :file:`samples/wifi/scan/Kconfig`) :
```
